Docs (#268)
rapidsai/kvikio: cpp/doxygen/main_page.md

# Welcome to KvikIO's C++ documentation!

KvikIO is a Python and C++ library for high performance file IO. It provides C++ and Python
bindings to [cuFile](https://docs.nvidia.com/gpudirect-storage/api-reference-guide/index.html)
which enables [GPUDirect Storage (GDS)](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/gpudirect-storage/).
KvikIO also works efficiently when GDS isn't available and can read/write both host and device data seamlessly.

KvikIO C++ is a header-only library that is part of the [RAPIDS](https://rapids.ai/) suite of open-source software libraries for GPU-accelerated data science.

---
**Notice** this is the documentation for the C++ library. For the Python documentation of KvikIO, see under **KvikIO**.

---

## Features

* Object Oriented API.
* Exception handling.
* Concurrent reads and writes using an internal thread pool.
* Non-blocking API.
* Handle both host and device IO seamlessly.

## Installation

KvikIO is a header-only library and as such doesn't need installation.
However, for convenience we release Conda packages that makes it easy
to include KvikIO in your CMake projects.

### Conda/Mamba

> We strongly recommend to use `mamba <https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba>`_ inplace of conda, which we will do throughout the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend using `mamba <https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba>`_ inplace of conda, which we will do throughout the documentation.
```

> Install the **stable release** from the ``rapidsai`` channel like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the **stable release** from the ``rapidsai`` channel with following:
```

```sh
# Install in existing environment
mamba install -c rapidsai -c conda-forge libkvikio
# Create new environment (CUDA 11.8)
mamba create -n libkvikio-env -c rapidsai -c conda-forge cuda-version=11.8 libkvikio
# Create new environment (CUDA 12.0)
mamba create -n libkvikio-env -c rapidsai -c conda-forge cuda-version=12.0 libkvikio
```

> Install the **nightly release** from the ``rapidsai-nightly`` channel like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the **nightly release** from the ``rapidsai-nightly`` channel with the following:
```
